military vacation is, uh, well needed. Rest from all the work that you've
been doing. Especially if you just came back from deployment. I
remember some of my vacations Where, um, maybe two weeks. And that's
when I I would drive from a South Carolina toe Michigan, and just hang
out. Just leave the Navy behind. I think I spent another, um, semester
learning another language in Monterey. I took a flight, and then
I think I spent maybe, uh, 2.5 months from saved up leave toe to
go and you know, like just leaving behind, learn another language and
then come back. So you get about a month every single year of of
saved up leave. If you go like 33 years or four years, um, then that
can start to accumulate. So generally they expect you to take about
two weeks per year. But if you talk to the right people and especially
if if you're on a downtime at your current command, then you can
extend it. Like I said, I actually went to college for a while as well.
So you just have toe being good communication with your supervisors.